okay we got it
we're good hey how's it going guys this
is Dave 2d and this is the arrow 14 from
gigabyte so it's been updated with the
gtx 1060 it's a relatively affordable
thin and light yet powerful gaming
laptop and I say relatively affordable
because a lot of gaming laptops and this
kind of form factor are significantly
more expensive this starts at $1,600
give or take a little bit let's take a
look
these come in several colors this one's
orange with a faux carbon fiber finish
but they do have a more muted black
version the build quality is good it
uses a lot of aluminum but there are
some plastic components so the screen
has a little bit of flex to it it is
engineered well and the overall finish
and durability is quite good in terms of
ports there are a couple of display
outputs and a bunch of USB options
including a US PC but this isn't a
Thunderbolt 3 port there's also an SD
card reader and an audio jack the
speakers are down firing I don't love
that they're loud and the upper
frequencies are surprisingly clean but
it lacks bass even for a laptop speaker
the bottom panel opens up easily you can
see the speakers on the side here it has
upgradeable RAM this unit came with 16
gigs but I did notice one thing there's
a sticker on this device that says 8
gigs or what looks like there should be
8 gigs but it came with 16 so I'm not
sure if this review unit was mistake or
if there are some 8 gig configurations
available that would be cheaper I'm not
sure but this one has 16 there's one
drive Bay the previous version with the
970m had to drive bays but this time
there's only one the stock drive they've
included is a 256 gig sadist expedia
mediocre it is easy to upgrade it to an
nvme though the battery is down here
it's a 94 watt hour battery which is
actually huge for a thin 14 inch laptop
you'll get around 7 hours of battery
life with screen at around 250 nits this
is with regular use and if you're
playing games it'll be around 2 hours
which is actually surprisingly long most
gaming laptops are significantly less
than that the backlit keys have a good
layout so at first I found it to be a
little springy I mean it needs a lot of
pressure to get the keys down but it has
good travel and once you get used to it
it's a really nice keyboard to type on
and it's great for games
macro Keys on the side are spaced a
little further out so I never miss click
them overall it's a good keyboard the
trackpad uses eland drivers so the size
is good and the surface texture is
really nice the button mechanism feels
good too but the tracking is just not up
to par it's not very good with precision
tracking like when you move your
fingertips really lightly to fine-tune
your position it doesn't detect it
properly now I almost always use a mouse
so this kind of stuff doesn't affect me
too much but if you're someone who needs
a perfect trackpad this is probably not
the machine for you
the display is a 1440p panel it's not a
touchscreen contrast and viewing angles
are great but even after calibration and
playing around with the software color
accuracy was never perfect overall the
screen is good I was just hoping for it
to be a bit more color accurate the
webcam looks like this it's a pretty
standard 720p image now performance on
this machine is excellent the 6700 HQ
and the GTX 1060 are excellent for 1080p
gaming you can easily play some lighter
titles at the native 1440p but I always
prefer playing in 1080p light and
moderately demanding games will easily
break 60 frames per second on ultra
graphics at 1080p it's only heavier
titles that you'll need to drop graphics
quality down to maintain 60 frames per
second but if you want to see more
benchmarks of other games for this CPU
and GPU combination there's a link below
in the description thermals are
comfortable in the keyboard area fan
noise on idle is audible but it's still
pretty quiet when it's under load though
it gets loud you're going to need
headphones the performance on this
machine is really good and the heat is
managed well there's no thermal
throttling the trade-off though is fan
noise but honestly I'd way rather see
this then a quiet system with throttled
CPU speeds the 150 watt AC adapter is
relatively compact it has a USB
pass-through for charging up a phone or
something but on a device with four USB
ports I don't know how necessary this is
it is a nice touch though so with the
arrow 14 you're getting an aluminum
chassis with good build quality and
several colors to choose from a 1440p
screen that's great for games and has
decent color accuracy the keyboard is
really nice to type on and has macro
keys the trackpad I'm not a big fan of
inside the skylake i7 and the gtx 1060
deliver good performance and are very
but fan noise can get loud when it's
under load the RAM and the SSD are easy
to access for upgrades and the 94 watt
hour battery is a beast it'll last you
seven hours of regular use so I really
like this machine they took a
high-performance system built it into a
thin and light chassis and they charge a
reasonable price for it what's not to
like about that right the touchpad and
the screen color accuracy aren't perfect
but those are things that you don't care
too much about a fantastic machine
highly recommended thumbs if you like
this video subs if you loved it it's
been nice see you guys next time
[Music]